'An okay product','An awful product. Was not impressed','I am so happy with the shorts','High quality shoes, i love it so much, thanks!','Beautiful bag, loved it especially the waterproof aspect.','Perfect size, Genuine material, Classic Look. Very Impressed!','Shoe was flimsy with no support. Would not buy again.','Comfortable, good-looking, fit, very good.','The product was delivered on time. Quality of the product is exceptional','Very awesome look. Best finish. Good quality','Looks great and stylish','I am very very much satisfied it gives a rich and classy look. Worth for money.','stopped working within a month. waste of money','Print goes off in first wash itself, Worst shirt ever!','Nice shirt. Good looking and decent','Excellent product with good quality and worthy with no damages found. ','It is a really of good quality and easy to use.','Fits great and looks good :)','I have always loved this perfume. Lovely smell. ','Raincoat is more than your expectation. Quality of raincoat gives the feeling of Delight.','The scent is nice but it lasts only for a couple of hours which is very disappointing','disappointed. Received torn socks.','Watch is good but belt is hopeless.','Absolutely love them! I bought three of them. ','Picture is deceptive. smaller than it appears. not impressed','I love this satin scarf! It is beautiful and versatile!','Amazing fabric, great fit - ultimate shirt.','Comfort to wear, smooth fabric, Latest design ','A good deal for the price paid. Material is quite soft and comfortable','Received it in perfect condition and loved the package as well as the heels','the quality of material and stitching is not good','Good body spray. Smell is nice and long lasting best value for money','Really nice collection of watches.','These earrings are super awesome! Beautiful and lightweight','It is a terrific purchase at this rate this product is superb!','Really satisfied with this shoes. Fits well','Bag was not as expected. The handle was torn and was overall of bad quality.','I am in love with this scarf. Colors are lovely. It is very soft.','Loved these set of shirts, fits perfectly!','okay product expected larger size','Feel good material 4 compartment inside.','cool tie i love it!','very disappointing received broken glass. Very cheap','Very good perfume lasts long on clothes','This product was very worst, perfume smell was very bad','Cloth is pure cotton, really comfortable','Looks elegant and ethnic. Absolutely value for money.','I like this shirt. It is a good product I am highly recommend this','Very nice and sturdy watch. very elegant','I am so disappointed with the comfort of the shoe','The lock is damaged, although the product is nice looking','really liked the shirt very impressed nice!','just an average shirt got a different color than the one expected','The product is good. Durable and affordable.','Very nice pair of earrings. I am so so happy','Super comfortable and of the best quality! highly recommend','The most useful and highly compact wallet ever!','An okay product','An awful product. Was not impressed','I am so happy with the shorts','High quality shoes, i love it so much, thanks!','Beautiful bag, loved it especially the waterproof aspect.','Perfect size, Genuine material, Classic Look. Very Impressed!','Shoe was flimsy with no support. Would not buy again.','Comfortable, good-looking, fit, very good.','The product was delivered on time. Quality of the product is exceptional','Very awesome look. Best finish. Good quality','Looks great and stylish','I am very very much satisfied it gives a rich and classy look. Worth for money.','stopped working within a month. waste of money','Print goes off in first wash itself, Worst shirt ever!','Nice shirt. Good looking and decent','Excellent product with good quality and worthy with no damages found. ','It is a really of good quality and easy to use.','Fits great and looks good :)','I have always loved this perfume. Lovely smell. ','Raincoat is more than your expectation. Quality of raincoat gives the feeling of Delight.','The scent is nice but it lasts only for a couple of hours which is very disappointing','disappointed. Received torn socks.','Watch is good but belt is hopeless.','Absolutely love them! I bought three of them. ','Picture is deceptive. smaller than it appears. not impressed','I love this satin scarf! It is beautiful and versatile!','Amazing fabric, great fit - ultimate shirt.','Comfort to wear, smooth fabric, Latest design ','A good deal for the price paid. Material is quite soft and comfortable','Received it in perfect condition and loved the package as well as the heels','the quality of material and stitching is not good','Good body spray. Smell is nice and long lasting best value for money','Really nice collection of watches.','These earrings are super awesome! Beautiful and lightweight','It is a terrific purchase at this rate this product is superb!','Really satisfied with this shoes. Fits well','Bag was not as expected. The handle was torn and was overall of bad quality.','I am in love with this scarf. Colors are lovely. It is very soft.','Loved these set of shirts, fits perfectly!','okay product expected larger size','Feel good material 4 compartment inside.','cool tie i love it!','very disappointing received broken glass. Very cheap','Very good perfume lasts long on clothes','This product was very worst, perfume smell was very bad','Cloth is pure cotton, really comfortable','Looks elegant and ethnic. Absolutely value for money.','I like this shirt. It is a good product I am highly recommend this','Very nice and sturdy watch. very elegant','I am so disappointed with the comfort of the shoe','The lock is damaged, although the product is nice looking','really liked the shirt very impressed nice!','just an average shirt got a different color than the one expected','The product is good. Durable and affordable.','Very nice pair of earrings. I am so so happy','Super comfortable and of the best quality! highly recommend','The most useful and highly compact wallet ever!','An okay product','An awful product. Was not impressed','I am so happy with the shorts','High quality shoes, i love it so much, thanks!','Beautiful bag, loved it especially the waterproof aspect.','Perfect size, Genuine material, Classic Look. Very Impressed!','Shoe was flimsy with no support. Would not buy again.','Comfortable, good-looking, fit, very good.','The product was delivered on time. Quality of the product is exceptional','Very awesome look. Best finish. Good quality','Looks great and stylish','I am very very much satisfied it gives a rich and classy look. Worth for money.','stopped working within a month. waste of money','Print goes off in first wash itself, Worst shirt ever!','Nice shirt. Good looking and decent','Excellent product with good quality and worthy with no damages found. ','It is a really of good quality and easy to use.','Fits great and looks good :)','I have always loved this perfume. Lovely smell. ','Raincoat is more than your expectation. Quality of raincoat gives the feeling of Delight.','The scent is nice but it lasts only for a couple of hours which is very disappointing','disappointed. Received torn socks.','Watch is good but belt is hopeless.','Absolutely love them! I bought three of them. ','Picture is deceptive. smaller than it appears. not impressed','I love this satin scarf! It is beautiful and versatile!','Amazing fabric, great fit - ultimate shirt.','Comfort to wear, smooth fabric, Latest design ','A good deal for the price paid. Material is quite soft and comfortable','Received it in perfect condition and loved the package as well as the heels','the quality of material and stitching is not good','Good body spray. Smell is nice and long lasting best value for money','Really nice collection of watches.','These earrings are super awesome! Beautiful and lightweight','It is a terrific purchase at this rate this product is superb!','Really satisfied with this shoes. Fits well','Bag was not as expected. The handle was torn and was overall of bad quality.','I am in love with this scarf. Colors are lovely. It is very soft.','Loved these set of shirts, fits perfectly!','okay product expected larger size','Feel good material 4 compartment inside.','cool tie i love it!','very disappointing received broken glass. Very cheap','Very good perfume lasts long on clothes','This product was very worst, perfume smell was very bad','Cloth is pure cotton, really comfortable','Looks elegant and ethnic. Absolutely value for money.','I like this shirt. It is a good product I am highly recommend this','Very nice and sturdy watch. very elegant','I am so disappointed with the comfort of the shoe','The lock is damaged, although the product is nice looking','really liked the shirt very impressed nice!','just an average shirt got a different color than the one expected','The product is good. Durable and affordable.','Very nice pair of earrings. I am so so happy','Super comfortable and of the best quality! highly recommend','The most useful and highly compact wallet ever!','A Very Comfortable wear indeed! Loved the shirt!','Loved the shirt! Would definitely buy again!','An okay product','An awful product. Was not impressed','I am so happy with the shorts','High quality shoes, i love it so much, thanks!','Beautiful bag, loved it especially the waterproof aspect.','Perfect size, Genuine material, Classic Look. Very Impressed!','Shoe was flimsy with no support. Would not buy again.','Comfortable, good-looking, fit, very good.','The product was delivered on time. Quality of the product is exceptional','Very awesome look. Best finish. Good quality','Looks great and stylish','I am very very much satisfied it gives a rich and classy look. Worth for money.','stopped working within a month. waste of money','Print goes off in first wash itself, Worst shirt ever!','Nice shirt. Good looking and decent','Excellent product with good quality and worthy with no damages found. ','It is a really of good quality and easy to use.','Fits great and looks good :)','I have always loved this perfume. Lovely smell. ','Raincoat is more than your expectation. Quality of raincoat gives the feeling of Delight.','The scent is nice but it lasts only for a couple of hours which is very disappointing','disappointed. Received torn socks.','Watch is good but belt is hopeless.','Absolutely love them! I bought three of them. ','Picture is deceptive. smaller than it appears. not impressed','I love this satin scarf! It is beautiful and versatile!','Amazing fabric, great fit - ultimate shirt.','Comfort to wear, smooth fabric, Latest design ','A good deal for the price paid. Material is quite soft and comfortable','Received it in perfect condition and loved the package as well as the heels','the quality of material and stitching is not good','Good body spray. Smell is nice and long lasting best value for money','Really nice collection of watches.','These earrings are super awesome! Beautiful and lightweight','It is a terrific purchase at this rate this product is superb!','Really satisfied with this shoes. Fits well','Bag was not as expected. The handle was torn and was overall of bad quality.','I am in love with this scarf. Colors are lovely. It is very soft.','Loved these set of shirts, fits perfectly!','okay product expected larger size','Feel good material 4 compartment inside.','cool tie i love it!','very disappointing received broken glass. Very cheap','Very good perfume lasts long on clothes','This product was very worst, perfume smell was very bad','Cloth is pure cotton, really comfortable','Looks elegant and ethnic. Absolutely value for money.','I like this shirt. It is a good product I am highly recommend this','Very nice and sturdy watch. very elegant','I am so disappointed with the comfort of the shoe','The lock is damaged, although the product is nice looking','really liked the shirt very impressed nice!','just an average shirt got a different color than the one expected','The product is good. Durable and affordable.','Very nice pair of earrings. I am so so happy','Super comfortable and of the best quality! highly recommend','The most useful and highly compact wallet ever!','A Very Comfortable wear indeed! Loved the shirt!','Loved the shirt! Would definitely buy again!',